AOB-972: Improve readme documentation (#64)
akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter: README.md

Once you merge a PR into the `master` branch, it is automatically deployed on the staging server. You have nothing to do.

> You can check that your changes has been correctly applied. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can check that your changes have been correctly applied. 
```

> Then if everything went as expected you can deploy on production server, follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything went as expected, you can deploy on the production server by following the next steps:
```

[look at the latest merge in master](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter?branch=master) and click on _deployment_.

![List of merged PR in master](.circleci/pipelines.png)

Then click on _wait_for_user_approval_.
 
![_wait_for_user_approval_](.circleci/wait_for_user_approval.png)

Last, click on _Approve_.

![_Approve the job_](.circleci/approve.png)

### Manual

> In case you want to re deploy the Onboarder documentation, [look at the latest merge in master](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter?branch=master) and click on _deployment_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to redeploy the Onboarder documentation, [look at the latest merge in master](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter?branch=master) and click on _deployment_.
```

![List of merged PR in master](.circleci/pipelines.png)

> /!\ You have to Approve or Cancel the `wait_for_approval` step before run the job again /!\ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/!\ You have to Approve or Cancel the `wait_for_approval` step before running the job again /!\ 
```
